= big_cms

<em>Pre-alpha non-functional version.</em>

Rails 3 engine for simple content management. The goal is to be narrow but deep, meaning that we're only handling simple content like pages, layouts, content snippets, files--but we're going to try to handle those few things exceptionally well. 

== Installation

1. Add big_cms to your Gemfile: <code>gem "big_cms", :require => "big_cms", :git => "git://github.com/tonystubblebine/big_cms.git"</code>

2. Make sure the gem is installed by running: <code>bundle install</code>

3. Copy over migrations and css files: <code>rails generate big_cms</code>

4. Run <code>rake db:migrate</code>.

5. Install/build authentication dependencies. Requires current_user and require_user. Both of these are defined by common authentication plugins like Authlogic or Omnisocial.

== Features for 0.1

1. Admin interface for managing pages, snippets, files, layouts, and navigation.
2. Web based html, css, and javascript editing (based on Ace: http://ace.ajax.org/).
3. Version history for edits.
4. Liquid templating.
5. RESTful interface.
6. Multi-file upload.
7. Multiple formats: html, xml, json, css, javascript.
8. Caching.

TKTK: <%= yield :big_cms_head %>
== Howto

How to set page title as <TITLE>?

<code>\<title>\<%= @page.title %>\</title></code>

How to have CMS serve your root page?

<code>root :to => "big_cms/pages#show", :id => "_home"</code>
This will load the first page of first navigation element or your first page.

How to use layouts?
How to set different layouts depending on context?
How to manage your site layout through big_cms?
How to override access permissions for editing/creating content?

How to wrap layouts
